-[projector whirring]
-[theme music]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Life is stealing from you.
Literally.
Surcharge by surcharge.
Convenience
is bleeding you dry...
nickel by nickel.
Chump change.
That dime you don't even
bother to bend over to pick up
on the sidewalk
is the same dime
you get bent over for
by all these services.
You wanna call 4-1-1.
that'll cost 50 cents.
You wanna actually
place that call. that'll be
an additional 49 cents.
That adds up
to guys like you and me.
On any given day. I have $20
before payday. whatever.
But don't even think about
trying to withdraw your money.
It'll cost you $1.50
to get $20.
which means I only have $18.50
after the frickin' A.T.M.
takes its cut.
which means
I don't have $20.
I have "insufficient funds."
That's why I'm here.
So. listen closely because
I'm about to tell you
a secret--
how to beat the system.
to take charge of the surcharge
in life.
[music plays]
♪ Go to a cash machine
To get a ticket home ♪
♪ A message on the screen ♪
♪ Says don't make plans
You're broke ♪
♪ No. no. this can't be right ♪
♪ I know that times is tight ♪
♪ I've only just been paid
Three weeks. five days
Till I've seen ♪
♪ Right ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ I scratch a living
It ain't easy ♪
♪ You know it's a drag ♪
♪ I'm always paying
Never make it ♪
♪ But you can't look back ♪
♪ I wonder if I'll ever get
To where I want to be ♪
♪ Better believe it ♪
♪ I'm working
For the cash machine ♪
[music plays]
-[rips]
-Fuck. that hurts.
you whiny little son of a bitch!
-I couldn't care less--
-Whoa there. skippy.
If I wanted more verbal abuse.
I'd call some customer service
center somewhere.
-[woman mumbles]
-[man] Sorry. what--
what was that?
I didn't catch that last part.
Was that.
"Sorry for being a bitch"?
"I'll be nice now"?
Mm-hmm.
[woman] Ow!
Shit. you... [sighs]
[woman clears throat]
Okay. let's start over.
Good idea.
What do you want?
-I want my 20 bucks.
-I think we covered that.
True.
-Um...
-Yeah?
So... what's your name?
Jason... Jason Taylor.
People call me "Jinx." though.
What's your name?
-Jessica.
-Oh. Jessica.
Yeah. that's a nice name.
You kind of look like a Jessica.
-Okay. so what's next?
-What do you mean?
What's next. as in
what are you gonna do?
I don't know.
I mean. what. what?
I don't-- I don't know.
Oh. you don't know.
-No. not exactly.
-"No. not exactly"?
-[chuckles]
-What's next?
What is your next step?
I.E.. evaluate. execute. exit.
What is your plan?
Have you got a plan?
Did you ever think of devising
a plan in a situation like this?
-Maybe you ought to have a plan.
-Oh. boy.
You know what-- No. God-- LEFT
[Cell phone rings...]
[Jessica mumbles]
What's this?
[Mumbling]
[rip]
[cell phone rings...]
[Sarcastically] That's what
they call a cell phone.
Oh. thanks.
What are you gonna do?
Oh.
Um...
Hello.
[Man] Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Hello. who is this?
Who's this?
I asked you first.
Excuse me?
I said. who is this?
I heard what you said.
Look. who is this?
Who am I speaking to?
What is it you want?
I don't know.
You don't know?
My 20 bucks.
Let's start over.
Let's just say my name is Simon.
Okay. works for me...
So. Simon. what's the deal?
How do we do this?
[Simon] How do we do this?
Right... You tell me what it is
you want. i.e.. your demands.
Then I give you what's called
a counteroffer. giving you part
of what you want.
but not everything.
so I hold a decent bargaining
position to deliver what it is
that I want.
Got it?
I don't think I like
your attitude.
That a boy!
Now you're beginning
to get the feel.
I want my 20 bucks.
And. and safely out of here.
What we have here is
a symbiotic relationship.
You want out and I want in.
And in the spirit
of negotiation...
I'd like to see you dead.
You'd like to leave alive.
So... Let's just meet
in the middle.
Have you come out.
What do you say. big boy?
Well. you're kinda
brutally blunt. and. uh...
To be honest with you.
it's kind of unsettling.
I'm not so sure about this.
Whatever.
Do we have a deal?
I would love
to accommodate you. really...
All except for the seeing me
dead part... But the truth is.
I didn't lock this door.
It locked on its own
when the alarm went off.
I don't know how to open it.
[Simon] Oh. really?
And how is that my problem?
I am trapped...
In a vault.
I want out.
I want...
[Jessica clears her throat]
Mind if I speak with him?
What?
Yes... No. wait. no!
No. what are you talking about?
You're not running the show now.
I'm running the show.
Oh. okay.
You're running the show now.
Yeah.
F.Y.I.. Simon.
he's running the show now!
I said no talking
on the phone.
[Simon] Tell her
everything's fine.
Just wait for now.
He said everything's gonna be
fi...
Hey. both of you just.
just hold on a minute!
Mind if I make a suggestion?
Fine.
Why not?
Tell him I can open the door.
But you won't allow me to
until he guarantees you
safe passage out.
She says she can open
the door. but...
[Simon] I heard her.
It's a good plan.
I'll give you
my guarantee. 100%.
Hold up there.
How can you open
a 10-ton steel door?
And why should I trust you?
You see that computer
over there?
That particular computer is tied
into the entire security system
of this and every other
grant liberty national.
Why do you think they keep it
in the vault?
Come on. what am I gonna do
to you?
It's not like I have
a gun or anything.
[music plays]
Fine.
[Tape tearing]
[chair creaks]
[music plays]
[Thump]
[typing on keyboard...]
[Computer beeps]
[Jinx] It's called
exploding noema.
It's a theory of psychoanalysis
that describes the exact
startling moment that the brain
can't reconcile the difference
of what should be
and what actually Is.
Kind of like thinking you've
picked up a coke but you
actually drink cigarette butts
and beer-- but that moment's
over now. and your brain is
facing the reality that if you
even get up from that chair.
this little gadget of yours
is gonna be a bunch of little
gadget pieces.
Please stop.
Please. please?
That's our way out.
It's our key.
Literally.
[music plays]
[Sighs]
[tape rips]
[Jessica] Okay...
So what's next?
We talk.
You are a smart
and very capable woman.
I'd go so far as to say...
A serious force
to be reckoned with.
You obviously know what you're
doing. and I'll be honest.
the only authority I have here
is a stolen p.d.a. And a roll
of pretty durable tape.
[Tape ripping...]
But that's all I need now.
isn't it?
So you and me.
we're gonna talk...
And you're gonna give me
Frank and honest answers...
Without any attitude.
You got it?
Yes. I do.
Okay. good.
Now what is this all about?
[Simon] She doesn't know.
-What's that?
-[Simon] I said
she doesn't know.
She's got the codes.
a specific job. that's it.
She's a hired gun.
-You're lying.
-No. he's not.
-No. I'm not.
Okay. then. now what?
What you're gonna do Is...
[Cell phone rings]
I was saying...
[Cell phone rings...]
[Angrily] Look here. you...
[Cell phone rings]
Okay. please... One moment...
Please... Please...
Let's start over.
Seems to be our theme
around here.
So shoot.
You tell me what I need to know.
You tell me what you want in
this vault and how I can get out
in a way that best serves
my interests. namely alive.
Okay. there are key codes
stored in a p.d.a. That seems
to be precariously
in your possession.
...The codes are for
the computer locked inside
the vault with you.
On that computer.
with the correct code.
is the central locking control
for the vault door...
And the master lock release
for every safety deposit box
you see around you.
Ah. that a boy!
Now we're cooking with gasoline.
Now. was that so hard?
I mean. really.
Yeah...
Yeah. it was. actually.
Shake it off. Simon.
Now that we're a little better
informed. with a bit of attitude
adjustment. now we can revisit
my original question:
how do we do this?
-Not bad.
-Excuse me?
The way you played that
right there. not bad at all.
You don't think I laid it
on too thick there at the end?
-You blew it.
-I thought you just said...
I know I did.
but then you blew it.
I'm sorry. what's that?
I mean. could you feel it?
In that moment. you had life
by the balls.
You were in charge.
Simon. I'm gonna have
to call you back.
There again. you see?
That spark... Living life!
Yeah.
You. just then. hanging up.
taking charge.
[Phone clacking]
Yeah. seriously.
without that spark.
life gets the better of us.
It runs roughshod over us
in small doses.
For example. why be charged
a buck fifty to have access
to your 20 bucks-- screw 'em.
Exactly. that's what I'm...
Yes.
Think about it:
they install an A.T.M.
It dispenses money. takes
deposits. checks balances...
It basically does the work of.
I don't know. a dozen people
or more per branch.
Yeah. and?
So the bank lays these people
off. saving an entire year's
worth of salary for dozens of
people per bank. per machine.
Not to mention all the money
saved not paying these people's
insurance. benefits. bonuses.
taxes. pension. welfare--
none of that.
Yeah.
And for all that profit. they
have the audacity to charge us
a buck fifty every time we use
their machine for our money.
It doesn't stop there.
No. no. no. there's...
Surcharges...
-Yep.
-Service charges...
Yeah.
Late fees. roaming fees.
nickel and diming us to death.
Roaming fees... On top of a cell
phone bill. a cell phone which
is supposed to roam... That's
why they call it a mobile phone!
Right?
Late fees on DVDs that cost
as much as it would just
to buy the movie.
Crime by any other name.
Yes. it is a crime.
It Is... A crime of convenience.
We are in a state...
[Phone rings]
...of financial emergency.
-Hello?
-[Woman] 9-1-1 emergency.
Oh yeah. no. it's me.
I'm the one who called
a half-hour ago.
[music plays]
...I'm still in the vault.
[Man] ♪ all right.
here it comes ♪
[Simon's gun clicks]
♪ Well. I can tell you
for the money ♪
♪ the simple life.
honey. is good ♪
♪ uh-huh ♪
♪ well. if you ask me
how you made it ♪
♪ a secure life.
baby. you should ♪
♪ oh yes. you should ♪
♪ 'cause if you're doin'
all the best that you can ♪
♪ until you're runnin'
just as fast as the man says ♪
♪ well. I can tell you
for the money ♪
♪ the simple life.
honey. is good ♪
♪ uh-huh. now.
yes. it is good ♪
[music plays]
♪ oh yeah... ♪
Brian Degepse here.
[Woman] This is 9-1-1
emergency dispatch. ready
to patch you through. officer.
Go for Degepse.
This is Degepse.
commanding officer.
emergency response unit.
Who am I speaking with?
Jason Taylor. sir.
All right. Mr. Taylor.
first. I've been briefed. but
I need to know if you're still
safe and secure.
You could say I'm safe.
Now. outline
the situation. please.
I'm safe... [Chuckling]
Because i'm. I'm in the safe.
I got the joke... Sir.
Oh.
I don't wanna alarm you
in any way...
But this is not
a laughing matter.
[Degepse's speech breaks up]
I'm sorry?
There's nothing funny abo...
About onions?
Excuse me?
Don't play with me. mr.tay...
[Rest of speech is garbled]
You're. you're what?
Yes. I can hear you. yes.
[Degepse] ...Hear me now?
Hear you? I can't. no.
I can't hear you.
Can you hear me now?
...Find spot with...
Reception...
-Sorry?
-Don't move!
You hear me?
I can.
...Look for a good zone.
I'll do that. sir.
-What do you got?
-The guy's a nobody.
Couple of parking tickets.
D.U.I. on a scooter.
He works at a coffee shop.
Right.
...Can you still hear me?
Okay. I think I've got
a good spot.
[Crash]
[Degepse] Hello?
Are you okay?
Do we have any injuries?
[Jessica] We may have
a fatality
if somebody doesn't
get his ass off me.
Fine. we're fine.
Everything's fine.
Nothing to see here. just
move it along. move it along.
I swear to god. if you do
that again. I will kill you
with my hands tied
behind my back right now.
[Degepse] Is your safety
compromised?
-Are you in danger?
-I've been compromised.
all right. but he's the only one
in danger!
Who the hell is that?
...And what's going on?
We're okay. sir.
I just had to subdue
the hostage.
Hostage?
Who the hell do you have hostage
and why?
Oh. she's one of them. sir.
I didn't mean
to take her hostage.
She was in here
when I ran in for cover.
So. I forcibly subdued her
into custody and that's
when the vault door
automatically closed on us.
[Jessica] You little son of
a bitch. I... Shh...
Fuck that! Ow! You...
[Jinx] Can you hear me now?
I'm not buying that...
At all.
In fact. that was pathetic.
Really?
Look. try crinkling a paper
bag over the mouthpiece
next time.
Works great.
-So what's the situation?
-Oh. we're fine.
Unless you count being locked
in a vault with armed assholes
outside the door.
-Excuse me?
-No. no...
Not you people.
Excuse me?
Oh god...
Tell me you're not black
or something...
I didn't mean to...
Yep. I'm black.
You got it.
May I speak with him
this time?
[music plays]
Hello?
Yes. hello?
Hello. yeah. you're going to
have to forgive my friend here.
He's really confused.
It's an innocent mistake.
really.
He's quite a sweet guy.
he's just. you know.
he's having a really bad day.
It's one of those days.
you know?
Oh. I understand.
This is a stressful situation
for any civilian. ma'am.
-I've seen it all before.
-I'm sure you have.
My god. your job
must be fascinating.
Excuse me. miss.
Who exactly are you?
Oh. you see. there's been
a huge misunderstanding.
See. I was in here accessing
my safety deposit box when
the alarm went off and I was so
frightened and. and so flustered
and then Jinx here ran in...
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
...Who the hell is Jinx?
That'd be me. sir.
Oh...
Please continue.
[Jessica] So in
the ensuing confusion...
Jinx here mistook me for being
part of the hold-up.
And so he took control of
the situation and. and he's
quite a hero... But. uh. but now
we've got that all worked out
and now. we both just want your
help getting out
of this awful vault.
Okay. miss...
Just hang in there.
Help is in progress.
Thank you.
I'm gonna have to call
you back...
I'm running low on batteries.
[Click]
What are you gonna do?
[music plays]
[Thud]
[thud]
[electrical sizzle]
[Simon] Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck!
[Grunting]
[crash]
[growls]
So...
How's it going?
Not good.
Not good at all.
[Jammed gun clicking]
We have an impasse...
A catch-22...
A Mexican stand-off.
Basically. fucked!
And how's the. uh...
Lexeprine been working out?
[Sighs] I don't know...
Prozac... Xanax... Same shit.
Just another serotonin
uptake inhibitor.
They think it'll work
better for me.
I don't think it's workin'
at all.
In fact. it's got me a touch...
Speedy.
No worries.
Situation is in hand.
Right...
Which. uh. situation?
Never mind.
Just go watch the guard.
Before I do that.
do you think...
You could look at my...
Gun really quick?
-What?
-My gun. it keeps jamming.
I been messing around with it.
You know. I got the clip loader
here and I was looking
at the firing pin.
and that's not it.
And then. you know...
Just go pretend
to guard the guard!
Oh. yeah. sure... Will do.
[music plays]
[Whispers] Fuck.
[Cell phone rings]
It's about time!
[music plays]
[Jessica] Thank you.
by the way.
The tape was really beginning
to kill my wrists.
[Jinx] I held up my end
of the bargain.
Show of good faith. right?
What are we gonna do now?
I don't know.
Seems like we're both
living now.
A bit on the edge for me.
[Blows out his nose]
But I got to admit.
I kind of like the view.
Living?
[music plays]
What is it that you live to do?
Huh. Jinx?
'Cause as far as I can tell.
this is it.
You don't always get to choose
the monumental moments
in your life.
Sometimes they choose you.
And when they do. you take what
you can get. so...
[Cell phone rings...]
- Hello.
- [Simon] Hello.
Hello.
[Simon] Hello.
can you hear me?
Yeah. I was just
saying hello.
Funny. Not really.
What the fuck's goin' on?
He's got the codes.
Okay. how about you?
I'm tied up.
So here's what you're
gonna do.
You're gonna get me
safe passage out of here.
We'll talk terms later.
Hey. a show
of good faith. right?
[music plays]
I always keep my end
of the deal.
So what are you gonna do now?
I think I just did it.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
[Cell phone rings]
[music plays]
Officer Degepse here.
How you two holdin' up?
[Jinx] Hey. I'm not holding up
anything. that'd be the guys
outside the vault.
Okay. then.
what's your status?
I think that my status and
your status are the same status.
Sort of "stuck" status.
Still locked in a vault.
unable to get out.
surrounded by armed robbers who
would love to get in and if they
could get in the vault.
they certainly
can't get out because
they're surrounded by you.
who would love to throw
them in prison. which I don't
think is part of their plan.
Does that seem about right
to you. sir?
[Simon. whispering] Fuck.
Yeah. that sounds right.
Well. hang in there while we
continue to try to establish
communication with the suspects.
You want help?
Thank you. but we have
the matter well in hand.
Do you have
their phone number?
[Testily] No...
They usually try to establish
contact with us sometime
around this point.
Maybe you should just...
Just call 'em.
Thank you for your advice!
But we'll have to wait for them
to communicate with us. okay?
All righty. then. but if you
need their number. just holler
and I'll give it to you. [Click]
[music plays]
[Woman] As I was leaving.
I noticed... Not anything
particular... Not suspicious...
It's... It's just that...
-He...
-What is it?
It's just...
He was kind of hot.
Any new developments?
Yeah. okay.
[Car door slams]
[phone beeps]
[phone rings]
Hello. Degepse again.
Hey there. what's up?
Did I hear you say
you had their phone number?
Yes... Yes. sir.
That's affirmative. sir.
You want it now?
Yeah!
...That'd be helpful!
You got a pen. pencil?
Just give me the number!
Uh. it's 3-6-7-9-3-8-9.
3-3-7-9-3-8-9. got it.
No. no. no-- 3-6-7-9-3-8-9.
It's a 6... 3-6-7.
...3-1-0 area code.
Ask for Simon.
Simon?
...That's his name?
Yeah. you know. I asked
the same exact question.
I think he's using a fake name.
We're not too worried
about that right now. are we?
No...
I guess not.
Um. yeah. anyway. ask for Simon.
Tell him Jinx gave you
the number.
I'll do that.
[Phone clatters to floor]
[Jessica] I saw that.
[Chuckles] That is why
I got a good look at him.
[Sirens blare.
police radio chatters...]
[Officer] Distinguishing
features?
Don't you guys have something
better to do?
Huh?!
Uh. well. he's calling Simon.
That should keep him busy
for a while.
Good. we can use that time.
So what's the deal?
What's the key to all this?
I mean. you know. what is this?
Well. first of all.
it's not keys-- it's codes.
That's the deal.
Okay.
I thought I was getting
the hang of this.
I didn't exactly major
in felony philosophy.
[Sighs] Okay.
Well. you see all these safety
deposit boxes.
Each one belongs to
an individual bank customer.
This isn't your typical
sentimental valuables:
love letters or some kid's
10-pound play-doh art.
This is the central bank.
They hold all the shit people
really want to keep safe.
The only problem is you'd have
to individually break into every
box to get at the contents.
right?
Well. we've got a choice.
We can try and physically break
into every box...
Or we can electronically break
into one box.
[Jinx] Right.
[music plays]
Hey. whoa there. chatty.
A second ago. you were professor
felony giving a master's
lock lecture.
You care to elaborate a bit?
We have our ways.
And what way would that be?
-Ways!
-Ways.
Just ways.
That's-- yeah. I'm feeling
pretty confident now.
We just got 'em. okay?
No. it's not okay.
It's not okay at all.
This oh-so-solid plan of yours.
it just went south.
Didn't it?
I am being held hostage
in a vault.
conspiring to do
god-knows-what
with my captor-slash-you know-
partner. whatever you are.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't even know what I'm
partners in
except sharing a locked vault.
-Huh.
-Don't "huh" me.
I'm supposed to be
the "huh" guy.
I'm supposed to be the one
who's clueless about how
to rob a frickin' bank.
not you.
My end of the deal was
to get your ass out of here.
Your alibi.
And if you haven't noticed.
we're a far cry from two city
blocks out of this mess.
Which just so happens to be
the missing part of your
foolproof plan.
In return. you provide your
wealth of criminal knowledge
from your b.a. Degree
in bachelor of armed robbery.
So that's the deal.
and if that's not the deal.
then we have no deal.
So deal...
With it.
You hungry?
I was stopping to get a bite
and I stopped at the A.T.M....
[Sighs]
My 20 bucks.
Sweetie. you must be running
on fumes by now.
Yeah. I... I am. thank you.
But seriously. where did you
get the codes?
I mean. come on.
Where did they come from?
Seriously?
Seriously. I don't know.
Well. how does that work?
I'm just a hired gun.
The codes were texted to Simon
and they were beamed
to my phone. P.D.A.
Who texted?
You mean someone else sent
the codes?
Some guy.
It's all very anonymous
these days.
It's the best way to do
business. you know it's safe.
If you don't know anything
about them. they don't know
anything about you.
you can't turn each other in.
We're freelancers.
Temps. of sorts.
It's not like you just
answer a help wanted ad.
It's exactly like you
Off the internet actually.
What do you think half those
useless blogs are really about?
You need somebody to do a job.
You need plausible deniability.
You post a topic.
Pre-arranged site.
Seemingly meaningless. random.
You don't think we're like
a bunch of disorganized thugs
in a hideaway. do you?
No. I guess I never really
thought about it.
Exactly. Who's gonna monitor
the Duran Duran fan forum
chatroom when there's real crime
out on the streets?
Did you just say Duran Duran?
Yep.
Why not. uh. zeppelin?
Everybody knows zeppelin
is a forum for C.I.A.
counter-terrorism.
Oh. you've gotta be
effing kidding me...
Zeppelin are spooks
and Duran Duran
are '80s pretty boy
bad-ass crime syndicate?
That is just not right.
No. it's absolutely true.
If someone posts looking for
"a view to a kill."
that means "assassin wanted."
If someone posts "are you hungry
like the wolf?". that means
hired hands for a bank job.
[Chuckles]
And so on.
So you're saying Duran Duran
is at the center of an
international crime syndicate.
Well. I seriously doubt
Nick Rhodes or Simon Lebon
are actually involved.
But... It's not a bad place
to hide. now. is it?
Did you just say "Simon"?
See?
I told you.
-This is weird.
-Not really.
I mean. forget
about porn sites and dot-coms.
Crime really is what pays.
The internet business
is booming.
You just can't buy stock.
you have to steal it.
Yeah. okay. fine. whatever.
but why... Why Duran Duran?
Why?
Why not?
Anyway. Simon gets the codes.
We get in here.
They hold the place down
while I do my computer work.
Boom. the boxes are open.
We grab and go.
So the guy who sent the codes
gets a cut. huh?
It's almost civil. really.
Exchange a few numbers
for a percentage.
It's just a surcharge
of a different name. I guess.
Well. this particular guy
just wanted a pin number.
Pin number?
All I wanna know is who gave
you my number?
[Degepse] That's not important
right now.
What's important is the safety
of the people you have inside.
and us safely resolving
this situation.
[Simon] Whatever.
Jinx gave 'em up. didn't he?
I'm sorry. I don't know what
you're talking about.
Cut the crap!
That little punk gave you
my cell number-- I know it!
I really don't know
what you're talking about.
[Crash]
You think I'm an idiot?!
...You're gonna tell me
you triangulated my cell signal
...Without knowin'
my T.T.Y. frequency.
or even carrier
for that matter.
Just admit it!
Jinx gave you my number.
You're only on the line because
it's the only move you've got.
...You can't resolve
the situation.
...And worse yet...
Worse yet. a civilian knows more
about what's goin' on
than you do.
[No voice]
[calmly] Um... Under no
circumstance am I authorized
to disclose that information.
but I'd be happy to exchange
myself for a safe
hostage release.
Then we can discuss
this matter further.
[Simon snaps his fingers]
[music plays]
[Snaps his fingers again]
[metallic rattling]
[music plays]
[Gun cocks]
[woman whimpering...]
[music plays]
[Muffled gunshot]
What the hell was that?
Glock 19 semi-automatic.
That's not good.
You can't.
Oh. you're right!
Whoa. whoa! Hey. hey!
...Listen. listen.
Let's take this down
a few notches.
Did that get your attention.
officer?
I'm listening.
I hear you.
Now. I said...
[Call waiting beeps]
I said. tell me... [Beep]
...Who gave you this number!
...If you... [Beep]
fuck... Hold on.
We're holding.
We're holding...
No one's doing anything.
No. I mean. hold on. I've got
another call coming in.
[Phone beeps] Hello?
What the hell was that?
That wake you up. did it?
Hey. you shut it-- I'm
the one asking questions here.
If you ever want inside here
and me out...
You're gonna tell me
what the hell that was.
That was a glock.
Your phone just broke up.
I missed that last part.
Don't even start getting
attitude with me.
...I happen to know exactly
what kind of gun that was...
[Phone beeps]
I want to know what's going on.
That was me.
[Beep] Fuck.
I don't think that was me.
I think you've got a call
comin' in.
Oh. you're right. I do.
Hold on.
[Phone beeps]
-Hello?
-We heard gunshots...
-Is everyone all right?
-Yeah. we're fine in here.
I don't know about outside.
I'm trying to find out.
What... Are you talking
to Simon?
Yeah. he's on the other line.
Hey. aren't you supposed
to be on the phone with Simon?
I am... I was... I'm on hold.
Hold on a second.
I'll flash you in.
No! No!
That's not a good idea!
Simon. you still there?
Yeah. I'm 'ere.
Great. hold on.
[Beep]
Hello?
Um. yeah. Degepse here.
Good. I think everyone's
on the line.
Is everyone here?
[Simon] Here.
[Degepse] I'm here.
-All right.
I think we should all
try to work together here
and work on some issues. okay?
[Simon] I think...
[Degepse] I think that...
I think... I think...
Come on. guys.
don't get shy now.
Simon. is there something
you wanna say to the officer?
-I'm sorry?
-You see. officer Degepse.
Simon says he's sorry.
Now wait. I didn't mean...
Simon. shut it!
Officer Degepse. do you accept
Simon's apology?
-Officer Degepse?
-Yes?
Good! You see?
Simon apologized and the officer
graciously accepts.
No. no!
Wait!
As long as we're
making progress.
I say we move ahead
and release a few hostages.
just as a show of good faith.
I will gladly nominate myself.
just to get the ball rolling.
What do you guys say?
Now. wait just a second.
There's ways to do this.
No. I think it's a good idea.
I'm all for it.
[Jessica's cell phone rings...]
[Phone continues ringing...]
-Who is that?
-I don't know.
Aren't you already on the phone
with everybody who's anybody
around here?
[Jinx] What... What does
the caller I.D. say?
[Jessica] I don't have
caller I.D.
Answer it.
Wait. wait. wait.
Just... Give me that.
Hello?
Hello. is anybody there?
-[Man] Who is this?
-You're the one who called.
Who's this?
[Click]
Who was it?
I don't know.
Wrong number. I guess.
[Jessica's phone rings again]
Hello?
[Click]
Okay. he just hung up
on me twice.
That's just rude.
[Simon on phone] Hello?
Hello?
You still there?
Hey guys. I'm gonna have
to call you back. okay?
Just. just keep chatting
amongst yourselves.
So? [Phone beeps]
Hey. don't look at me.
[music plays]
All right then.
[Man] Nick here.
What's taking so long?
Hey. it's the guy you keep
hanging up on.
Shit.
So. your name's Nick. huh?
Maybe.
Well. is it?
No.
Oh. weird. total deja vu
just now.
Huh?
Never mind.
So. uh. are you Jessica's
boyfriend or something?
Look. I have no idea
what you're talking about.
You have the wrong number.
You called me!
Right. then.
Uh... I had the wrong number.
Sorry to trouble you. 'bye.
[Click]
[dials number...]
[Ringing...]
Hey-- stop calling me!
-No.
-What?
No. I said no.
You can't just say no.
Yes. I can.
No. You see? You see?
No. no. no. no. no.
Who are you?
I'm glad you asked.
I'm Jason Taylor.
People call me Jinx though.
So it seems like I've taken
the first step.
♪ I'm on the hunt down
after you ♪
Nick... Nick Rhodes.
Okay. what's going on here?
Who are you?
What do you know?
How do you know?
What's the deal?
Seems to be my theme ever
since I locked myself
in this frickin' vault.
You? You're in the vault?
In the vault?
Yeah. that's what I said.
Am I getting bad cell reception?
Because I know a spot up
in the corner
if you really want
me to go up there.
Who are you?
Jinx. I think we
covered that.
Who are you... "Nick"?
Oh. god.
[Phone disconnects]
Wha...
-What?
-He did it again.
I hate this guy.
[Metallic clanging.
glass breaks]
If I see your men
any closer than 25 yards.
I'm putting holes in
these walking body bags.
[Degepse] I hear you.
I hear you. [Phone beeps]
Um. excuse me. but I think
you better answer that.
It could be Jinx.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
You're right. hold on.
[Phone beeps]
Hello. Jinx?
How's it going?
I think we're making
real progress out here.
Hey. Jinxy... Is that you?
[Nick] Is there anything
you might want to tell...
Oh. say. me?
[Breathing heavily]
[pills rattle. top pops]
Anything to tell. like a...
Like an update?
Something like that.
Ah. things are going fine...
Just fine.
I mean...
maybe a little bit
behind schedule.
Anything in particular
slowing things up?
-Like?
-Like some guy...
locking himself
in the vault who somehow
has full knowledge of our
identities. our cell numbers
and has the ability to dial
9-1-1. handing you a first-class
pass to ass class
in the federal penitentiary?
That sort of thing?
Okay. we. we...
We do have one small dilemma.
quite similar to the one
you just described.
Is there anything else
you'd like to add?
Not really.
Okay. is there anything
else you'd not like to add
that I should know?
Well. you. uh. you know
the guy you just. uh.
you just described?
Uh. well. he has got one of our.
uh. he's taken one of our people
hostage in the vault and. uh.
we're. uh... [Clears throat]
we're locked out with.
uh. with no way in.
Thank you.
I truly appreciate your candor.
And a tactical analysis.
what would that currently be?
-Fucked.
-Great.
Okay. let me get back to you
with a backup plan that
should solve a few problems.
Really?
Oh. that'd be great...
[Click]
Maybe not.
[music plays]
[Police sirens sound faintly.
helicopters whirring...]
[Clattering]
[mumbling indistinctly]
[police radio chatters.
sirens continue]
[dials. phone ringing]
-[Jinx] Hello?
-I want to make a deal.
A deal.
I do.
...As I figure it.
50% of something
is a lot better than
100% of nothing.
-Yeah. and?
-And. frankly.
nothing is all I've got
right now.
So what do you want?
What's it gonna take?
[Phone beeps]
You know what?
Hold that thought.
I'm gonna click over.
I'll be right back.
[Phone beeps]
Hello?
-[Nick] I want to make a deal.
-Come again?
I think we may have
gotten off on the wrong foot.
I'd like to start over
and introduce myself.
I'm Nick.
I'm calling to cut you in
on this thing.
Uh. okay.
So. uh. a deal.
Okay. so. so what's the deal
with the. with the...
A deal. Nick?
It is Nick. isn't it?
You know. I apologize
for the pseudonym.
It's not that I don't trust you.
really. it's just sort of
an occupational hazard.
Oh. yeah. no. I...
I understand. I get it.
It's not like my name's
really Jinx either.
It isn't?
No. it Is.
That is my name.
Hey. that's okay.
Perfectly valid.
Anyway. what can I do
for you. Nick?
Jinx. we have a bit
of a situation here.
a quagmire as it were.
and I think it's down to you
and me to figure this thing out.
You and me?
Okay.
I'm gonna put the cards
on the table.
You have something I need--
information-- information
my associates are no longer
in a position to offer.
I propose we adapt. evolve.
grow some balls. and walk
ourselves out of this quagmire.
I'll cut to the chase.
What do you want?
My 20 bucks.
I'm sorry...
Did you say 20 bucks?
Yup.
I don't want to be rude.
but I think you might want
to revise that number.
You think?
Like... What?
Like. look around you.
I'd add a few zeroes to that
$20 figure of yours.
And I just walk out
with everything.
You don't want any piece
of this money?
All I need is for you
to walk over
to the computer terminal
and generate
a pin number for me.
Easy as pie.
Same arrangement I had
with them.
If it ain't broke.
don't fix it. right?
If it ain't broke...
Right.
Yeah. so. I. I walk.
And you have no problem selling
out Simon and Jessica and...
Whoever else. just for
a little info?
This must be a pretty
valuable pin number.
Things change.
We adapt. right?
-Bullshit.
-What?
I said... "Bullshit."
You had no intention of
letting these guys out of here.
did you. Nick?
What are you talking about?
"If it ain't broke.
don't fix it." right?
In fact. that reminds me of
something a friend once said.
"breaking into a bank is what
screws you. because breaking
in takes time and time is
what gets you caught."
So how do you rob a bank
without breaking in?
Unlock everything at once.
fast and efficient?
Use this computer. a few codes.
then grab and go?
No. I don't think so.
If you knew enough to get these
codes and what to do with them.
then you knew that this vault
door would seal up as soon
as the alarm was tripped.
Boom... You're trapped.
So while the codes seem like
a good idea. they're nothing
more than bait... Just means
to some other end for you.
In other words.
the codes are bullshit.
It's really all about that
innocent little pin.
which I'm betting
is worth a hell of a lot
more than anything else
in here but the only way to get
that pin is in this vault.
I don't know.
just a working theory. Nick.
All righty there. Colombo.
You seem to be answering
a lot of unasked questions
for an innocent bystander.
What the hell are you
getting at?
Hey. it's not for nothing.
but I didn't ask to be locked
in this frickin' vault.
All I ever wanted was
my 20 bucks. but no.
Some greedy bastard decided it
was a great idea to increase
his bank's profit margin.
fire tellers to lower corporate
costs. close branches.
install endless A.T.M. Machines.
surcharging my ass
to kingdom come.
until I can't afford
my own 20 bucks.
What the hell does that
have to do with anything?
[Jinx] I'm glad you asked.
"Insufficient funds" means
I had to walk my ass
into the only grant liberty I
could find to withdraw my money.
but it was already having
a large withdrawal made--
i.e.. being robbed--
which was perfectly fine
by me until some jackass
pointed a gun at me.
So this guy gets all jumpy.
tries to blow my head off.
His gun jams and I run for cover
in this vault. which proceeds
to lock behind me. locking me in
this vault where I literally run
into some super hot chick who
I'm trapped with. which sounds
great except she proceeded
to punch me in the face.
ruining my otherwise wonderfully
boring day and wasting
my pedantically precious time.
[Thump]
Bummer.
So screw it.
Screw service fees
and screw you.
You and all the corporate
convenience criminals
are equally fucked
in your high-tech heists.
You cannot keep screwing guys
like me and then add
a surcharge for it.
I am taking charge
of the surcharge.
In short. blow me.
I want answers.
Wow. you are having
a bad day.
Please. go on.
The real question is. how do
you get in this vault
without getting trapped
in this vault?
-My guess?
You don't do it at all.
You don't care if your
anonymously hired guns
get trapped as long
as they're in the vault.
because as long as you
had someone in the vault.
you had what you wanted...
-Almost.
-I'm hanging up.
No. no. you know...
Fuck you. you're not hanging up!
You know why?
Because you don't have your
four precious little numbers.
What the... ?
Jessica.
Name's Jessica.
I'm one of the ones you
set up to screw.
Yeah. it almost hurts.
doesn't it?
-What?
-I'm glad you asked.
-It's called "exploding noema."
-Huh?
It's the theory about
the moment you can't reconcile
the difference between your
perception of what should be
versus the reality of what is.
I find completely
screwing someone
with a classic
double-cross only to find
they're now your only hope will
pretty much explode your noema.
But I'm betting
that moment's passed now
and I'm betting you're more
in a dealing mood.
You want your precious pin?
There's gonna be a surcharge.
So what's it gonna be. Nick?
Okay...
[Clack. whirring slows down]
[computer beeps]
[Jinx] Jessica. you okay?
[Sighs]
I'm fine.
You know. I think somebody
cut the power in here.
[Scoffs] Yeah. you think?
Yeah. well. who cut
the power then?
And why and what's going on.
you know. that sort of thing?
I don't. I don't really know.
but it's not good. [Sighs]
Uh. Nick. we're gonna have
to call you back.
[Stammers]
We have to fix this.
I mean. I don't have a handle
on this whole thing. but
it's pretty apparent that
our fate and any possible
fortune is in that computer.
N... Nobody panic. okay?
Let me. uh. just...
Make a phone call.
[Phone beeps]
[helicopters whirring]
-...Oh. hey there.
-Hello?
Hey. what happened?
I don't know!
I've been on hold
this whole time... With you!
Are you trying
to keep me waiting?
I have to admit.
I have to admit...
nice negotiation tactic.
You had me going there
for a while.
Uh. no. I...
I just forgot about you.
Really?
How'd you forget about me?
I was... I was just busy.
that's all.
Busy?
You're locked in a vault!
What the fuck could you be
doing to keep you busy?
Uh... You worry me now. Jinx.
Oh. i'm. I'm sorry.
Really. please. don't worry.
Officer Degepse was just
talking me through this crisis.
It's. it's been very stressful
for me. you know?
I didn't let him know
anything. really.
I figured you'd want me to keep
him waiting
while you and I make
some sort of deal.
Okay... okay.
Good thinking. Jinxy.
That was good.
[Sighs] All right.
It's. uh. you and me.
About that deal...
Well. first... What happened?
It's frickin' dark in here.
I think they cut the power.
Don't sweat it.
They just do this
to be intimidating.
First order of business is that
we reach an agreement.
then we negotiate
with the cops...
Free some hostages in exchange
for putting the power back on...
[Phone beeps]
And. um... Hold on. I think my.
uh... Hold on. I think my bat...
[Phone turns off]
Fuck!
We got three guys
over there. two...
A cell phone?
[Indistinct chattering]
Think he's trying
to communicate with us...
Sir?
[Police radio
chatters indistinctly]
[beep. phone ringing]
[Jinx] Hello?
Officer Degepse here.
How you two holding up?
Oh. hey there.
Yeah. we're okay.
Any change in status
in there?
Well. it's a little darker
in here.
My eyes are just starting
to adjust.
-...Uh. not really.
-Good. good.
I need you to sit tight and...
Dude. we need him to turn
the power back on or we're.
we're screwed.
Sorry. what was that?
I missed the last part.
I said. do you have any other
way of contacting Simon?
He says he has no way
of contacting Simon.
-Why?
-That's a good question.
Uh... Why?
Because this Simon character
has tossed his phone for
no apparent reason.
His actions are growing
increasingly irrational and
I would like to prevent
any regrettable incidents
before they occur.
Unfortunately. I now have
no way of contacting him.
All right. um.
we'll see what we can do.
[Phone beeps]
What do we do?
We can't ask for Simon's help
because we'd have to make him
a deal and making a deal with
Simon is pointless because. like
it or not. at this point he's
just... He's shit out of luck.
We could... Ask for Simon.
[Beep. phone ringing]
Degepse here.
[Jinx] Hey. I got.
I got through to Simon.
He has a few demands.
He. uh. he says he's finished
negotiating unless you give him
something as. you know.
a show of good faith.
Go ahead.
What are his demands?
One. he wants a civilian
chartered helicopter
on the roof within 15 minutes.
Two. he walks with half
the money and no one gets hurt.
And three. he wants the power on
to. just to get the show
on the road.
Personally. I wouldn't give that
schizoid asshole anything
unless it was something
totally useless like. you know.
like the. like
the power back on thing.
I'll try to convince him that
turning the power on is. is.
you know. just a start.
May as well try.
He. he sounds desperate
and willing
to throw it all away.
You say he sounds desperate?
You really think he's to the
point of throwing it all away?
Yeah. I told you they were
trying to tell us something
with that whole "chucking the
cell phone at your head" thing.
Tell him the power will be
back on in a minute.
[Shuts phone]
[clack. whirring speeds up...]
Well. that's a start-- now
you can get what's-his-name
back on the phone.
I'll get this thing booted up
and ready for... Whatever.
[Computer beeping]
[phone beeps]
[Nick] Hello?
So listen up.
Believe me when I tell you this
whole thing is going south. so
whatever it is you were planning
to do. I suggest we do it
and whatever deal we need
to make. I suggest we make it
or none of us are going anywhere
or getting anything
anytime soon...
Except maybe 10 to 20
in San Quentin.
So what's it gonna be?
Good to hear from you too.
Dude... Shut it.
The police cut the power.
No power. no computer.
No computer. no point.
You count on that little hiccup?
Oh. god. really?
No. uh... I didn't.
Well. you can thank me later.
It's back up for the moment.
Unless you tell me what our
little team here is about to do.
this whole thing is gonna be
over before it began.
Okay. do you have
the computer up?
[Jinx] I believe we're good.
Enter that number
in the "personal identification
number" sub menu.
In that page. you'll see
four digits corresponding
to an A.T.M. Card.
You're gonna click that option
and read me the four digits
that appear in the box.
It is that easy.
-No. it's not.
-I'm sorry?
Last time I checked. there's
no "I" in "team" or felony grand
theft of a federal reserve bank.
You get that number
and you're gone.
That pin number belongs to
an A.T.M. Card I don't have
which belongs to an account
I don't have.
So unless you can find a way
to share
your little high-tech heist.
you're stuck.
I suggest you begin by telling
me what it is we're stealing
and. uh. the clock's ticking.
Okay. fine.
Nickels and dimes...
Lots of 'em.
[Coins jingle]
What. why?
Why are we stealing change?
Why?
Because I could.
Getting greedy with what
you want to steal will only
get you caught.
You have to ask yourself why you
think you can get away with it.
Know why and the what.
where and how will follow.
Okay. so... How are
we gonna rob a bank
and. and actually
get away with it?
Ever notice how everything
has some piddly-ass
surcharge added?
Yeah. now you're speaking
to the choir. my friend.
Now I need you
to listen closely and be
really honest here.
Shoot.
Do you always balance
your checkbook?
Oh... I mean. I...
-I've done it.
-Yeah. right.
And even if you do that.
do you ever. ever. ever check
to see if the bank didn't
charge you a surcharge
for an A.T.M. transaction?
You had me at checkbook.
Which brings us back to why.
It's simple.
The world is too complicated
to keep track of.
Life is made of a million
moments. transactions. passwords
and pin numbers to memorize.
It's not that we don't want
to keep track. it's just
that it's not worth our time
until you add it up.
How do we rob a bank and why
will we get away with it?
Add up the chump change.
We're stealing surcharges
and it's missing money
no one is missing.
Yeah. but what about
the bank missing it?
We have a problem.
Yeah. that's what
I'm asking about.
No. no. no. it's uh...
Another kind of problem.
Oh...
I wasn't planning on
getting locked in here.
We've been in here for hours.
I couldn't hold it forever.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. okay.
of course.
Um... Well...
I just won't look.
[music plays]
[Chuckles]
All right. um...
Oh wait. I've got an idea.
Nick. hold on.
What's going on?
Don't ask.
[Jessica types...]
[Jinx] What are you doing?
[Jessica] Ah!
[Types... Computer beeps]
[music plays]
No way!
Beggars can't be
choosers. man.
So. what about
the bank noticing?
[Nick] Well. like I said.
you never rob the bank.
-At least. not noticeably.
-Stop it!
[Nick] So what if. for every
dozen A.T.M. transactions.
you simply divert one surcharge
into an account already set up
within the bank.
Nothing more than missing
nickels and no way to track it.
Yeah. I'm all for
the economics lesson but.
-uh. what are we really talking
about here?
-Honestly?
Honestly is the only choice
you have if you ever want to see
any of that money.
Okay... $8.266.500.
[Chuckling]
Can you hear me now?
That's a lot of transactions.
Those nickels and dimes
add up.
[Coins jingling]
And no one's on to you?
Why? The stolen money
never left the bank.
The irony is. it is all just
sitting in legitimate
grant liberty accounts.
Waiting to be withdrawn.
That's right.
As long as you have a valid
pin number to those accounts.
you can just slowly withdraw it.
using nothing more
than an A.T.M. card.
No one would ever notice.
How to rob a bank.
And actually get away
with it.
If I'm not mistaken.
we'd better work out a deal
before there's nothing worth
working out. so you give us
your account numbers
and we'll assign the pin
to a new A.T.M. card.
-No deal.
If I just give you the accounts.
giving you the accounts
is like giving me the pin.
No guarantee the other
won't take off with it all.
Okay. what now?
Somebody will just have to
trust somebody.
I don't suppose my good word
would be sufficient.
Honor among thieves
and all that?
Wait.
"Insufficient funds"--
that's what got my ass into this
mess in the first place.
Yeah. your 20 bucks.
surcharges.
No. my pin.
We assign my pin number
to Nick's accounts.
That way. only I know my pin
and only Nick has the card
and the accounts.
[Nick] And?
See. you can't use the A.T.M.
card without my pin number
and without the card and the
accounts. the pin is useless.
We don't have
to trust each other.
We can meet and use
the two together
and then go
our separate ways.
Works for me.
[Jinx's phone rings]
You guys hold on
to that idea.
I better get this.
-Hello?
-All right.
The power has been up
for over 10 minutes now.
and still no word
from anybody in there.
Have you heard anything?
[Jinx] Uh. not really. um.
well. you see...
[Click]
...What?
I didn't know what else to do.
I think we're out of time.
[Nick] Hey-- what's up?
This is it.
it's now or never.
Either we go with Jinx's plan
or that money just sits
in the bank forever.
Okay. you're right.
A couple million bucks is better
than none. right?
Just go to the computer.
do what I told you before
you have Jinx enter his pin.
Okay.
[Jessica types...
Computer beeps]
[music plays]
Jinx... What is it?
I. I don't know.
what if we get caught?
You know. what if we end up
serving life?
Life?
[Chuckles]
Right.
See. I don't know about you.
Jinx.
but this hasn't felt
like much of a life to me.
I'm just some anonymous
hired hand.
Is this my life?
This for the rest of my life?
Is your life
about buck fifty surcharges?
Playing bitch boy to every Simon
and Grant Liberty?
When are we gonna make
some choices of our own?
Today has been...
Different.
I think this is it.
You know. I think this is...
Life.
Choices like this.
You know. our lives aren't
made up of some big
monumental moment.
It's a choice here and a choice
there and life is made up
like that. of these
tiny moments.
I just... I think I'm sick
of this life.
So. how big can we make
this moment. Jinx?
And get a life?
Are you insane?
This. this is a tiny moment
to you?
[Chuckles]
Yeah. okay. yeah.
It's... It's a big moment.
It's a... Yeah.
But the principle's the same.
You know. make a choice.
What are we gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna get my 20 bucks.
and then some.
Right. yeah. let's do this.
Enter your pin.
[music plays]
So this little box is the key
to our fortune. huh?
[Jessica chuckles]
[computer beeps]
There. that's it.
We're done.
Now what?
[Jessica types]
Now...
We go.
[music plays]
[Nick] Excuse me. guys?
It just occurred to me
we have a problem.
What's up?
Well. you have no way out.
What?
Well...
She doesn't have a way out.
What do you mean?
She's got the scam
with the cops.
They think she's one
of the hostages.
Okay. well. that doesn't
solve the "Simon" problem.
Even if you wait until the cops
storm the place.
he's not going quietly.
He can easily turn her in
when he finds out she's
not busted with him.
No. no. not after all this.
Hold on.
[Phone ringing...]
Officer Degepse here.
Sorry my signal died
but I'm back in a good zone.
Yay--any news?
Simon says he appreciates
your show of good faith
and in return. he's willing
to release two hostages.
...Me and Jessica.
No shit?
Really?
Okay. we got you covered.
...We've got you covered. look.
All right. look... Listen...
Make your way out slowly.
We'll take care of the rest.
This will all be over soon.
So I'll tell Simon
you're ready for the release.
Now we're cooking
with gasoline.
Do you have any way
of reaching Simon?
Yeah. I can call Roger.
-Who?
-His...muscle. [Laughs]
The other guy on the team. here.
he gave me his number in case
of complications.
I think this qualifies
as a complication.
Yeah... Nick. we're gonna
call you back.
[Phone ringing...]
-[Man] Hello?
-I gotta talk to Simon.
He's kind of busy
at the moment... Who's this?
Roger. put him on the phone.
[Metal gently clinking]
-Hello?
-Hey. it's me. Jinx.
Hey. Jinx. what's up?
[Inserts clip into pistol]
I have to admit. you've really
got me worried now.
[Click]
[Jinx] Sorry for the wait.
but we better make a deal fast.
I just got off the phone
with Degepse.
-What'd he say?
-He says if they don't see
cooperation from you
in five minutes.
they're storming
the place with swat.
Shit... Shit.
Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!
Shit... [Beep]
Shit...
[Pills rattle in bottle]
[swallows with effort]
Okay. [Exhales twice quickly]
What do they want?
You're not gonna like it.
What-- what is it?
They want at least one
hostage released and...
And? And what?
One of you has
to turn yourself in.
Fine.
They can have Jessica.
Really?
You'll turn her in
just like that?
What do I care?
You want out and I want in.
Take Jessica as your insurance.
And the cops get their precious
negotiation pawn. yeah?
Sounds like a plan.
[Click]
[Jessica sighs]
What's wrong?
This is our way out.
Yeah...
Yeah... [Laughs ruefully]
[emotionally] You know. um...
That might be the sweetest thing
anyone has ever done for me.
[Sniffles]
Really?
Yeah.
Right. let's get the hell
out of here.
What are you doing?
I'm setting up our next
rendezvous...
Outside this vault.
Oh. yeah?
Is that a second date?
You better tie me up.
So Simon still thinks
I'm your hostage.
[Chuckles]
You wish.
Here. help me with this.
Look okay?
That's good.
[Chuckling]
[machinery whirs...]
[music plays]
[Latches release...]
[Jinx] All right.
I'm coming out!
[Helicopter whirring...]
I don't want any trouble.
[music plays]
Huh... I imagined you taller.
Fuck me. Jinxy!
Nice attitude.
You've come a long way today.
[music plays]
[Jessica mumbles urgently]
[rip]
[whispers] I can't go out
there like this!
I'm supposed to be a hostage
like you. not your hostage.
They're gonna know
something's up.
[Helicopter whirring.
police radio chatters...]
You're supposed to be
my hostage for Simon's sake
if we want to get away
with this.
What do you suggest we do?
[Roger] Be careful. man.
that thing's loaded.
-Shit.
-Wait right fuckin' there.
you two!
[music plays]
[Overlapping] It's jammed...
Fuck... [Gunshot]...
[Click]
[gunshot]
[splat]
[music plays]
[Degepse] Move! Move! Move!
Move! Move! Move!
[Sirens blaring. shouting...]
[Officer] Show me your hands!
Show me your hands!
Up against the wall!
[Degepse] Put the gun down!
Put the gun down!
Put the gun down. motherfucker!
Show me your hands!
[Degepse] Move!
Move. I said!
Back your ass up!
Get on the ground!
On the ground now!
[Degepse] Don't move!
Don't move. motherfucker!
[music plays]
...Do you understand me?
You have the right to remain...
Show me your hands!
[Degepse] Anything you say can
and will be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney...
-That way!
-[Degepse] If you cannot
afford an attorney.
one will be
appointed to you.
Do you understand the rights
I have just stated?
Move out the way--
get out of the way!
Move!
...I got it. I got it!
[music plays]
[Jinx]
oh. ni... Hear me...
...Damn... How about now?
[Nick] Yes.
loud and clear.
[Jinx] Good. okay.
where were we?
...Chump change...
That dime you don't even bother
picking up
is the same dime
we all get bent over for.
So surcharge the surchargers.
I agree... But there is one flaw
in your plan.
Oh... A flaw in my plan. hmm?
If we've got the pin
and you've got the accounts.
what happens next?
What happens when we meet?
Trust the fatal flaw.
Well. there's only one answer.
Did you know that statistics
say that 98% of all convicted
criminals have successfully
committed at least one previous
crime before they were caught?
That means almost everyone
gets away with it.
at least once.
They had a good thing.
but no. they had to go try
their luck again.
[Nick] Oh. by the way...
Tip number 10?
Know when to walk away.
[music plays]
[Man] ♪ Dark in the city.
night is a wire ♪
♪ Steam in the subway.
earth is afire ♪
[Chorus] ♪ Doo-doo. doo doo.
doo doo doo. doo doo doo. ♪
♪ Doo doo doo. doo doo ♪
♪ Woman. you want me.
give me a sign ♪
♪ And catch my breathing
even closer behind ♪
♪ Doo-doo. doo doo.
Doo doo doo. doo doo doo.
Doo doo doo. doo doo... ♪
♪ In touch with the ground ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you ♪
♪ Smell like I sound.
I'm lost in a crowd ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
♪ Straddle the line
in discord and rhyme ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you ♪
♪ Mouth is alive
with juices like wine ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
[music plays]
♪ Stalked in the forest.
too close to hide ♪
♪ I'll be upon you
by the moonlight side ♪
♪ Doo-doo. doo doo.
Doo doo doo. doo doo doo.
Doo doo doo. doo doo... ♪
♪ High blood drumming
on your skin. it's so tight ♪
♪ You feel my heat.
I'm just a moment behind ♪
♪ Doo-doo. doo doo.
Doo doo doo. doo doo doo.
Doo doo doo. doo doo... ♪
♪ In touch with the ground ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you ♪
♪ Scent and a sound.
I'm lost and I'm found ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
♪ Strut on a line.
it's discord and rhyme ♪
♪ I howl and I whine.
I'm after you ♪
♪ Mouth is alive.
all running inside ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
[music plays]
[Panting...]
Hungry like the wolf.
[music plays]
♪ Burning the ground.
I break through the crowd ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you ♪
♪ I smell like I sound.
I'm lost and I'm found ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
♪ Strut on a line.
its discord and rhyme ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you ♪
♪ Mouth is alive
with juices like wine ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
♪ Burning the ground.
I break from the crowd ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you ♪
♪ Scent and the sound.
I'm lost and I'm found ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
♪ Strut on a line.
it's discord and rhyme ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you ♪
♪ Mouth is alive
with juices like wine ♪
♪ And I'm hungry
like the wolf ♪
♪ Burning the ground.
I break from the crowd ♪
♪ I'm on the hunt.
I'm after you... ♪
[song fades...]
[Music changes...]
[music plays]